rise and shine breakfast is ready in ten
minutes and don't make me come back up
there this is our town
it's a close-knit community a kind of
place where everyone knows everyone
hi mister hey who are you girls and
we're always there for each other nice
sermon pastor well you guys have on for
the rest today
well dawn has a basketball game yeah
I've seen this guy goop it up around
here this kid is so rich text your mom
tomorrow until I win and where to pick
you up and don't do anything stupid
[Applause]
we're training for the Olympics sir
Simmi he's been underwater for more than
15 minutes it's gonna be a recovery but
a rescue we've done everything medically
possible there's nothing more what you
do please God said their spirit is a
must
[Music]
a fourteen-year-old st. Charles boy who
spent 15 minutes trapped underwater is
continuing to fight for his life
I don't believe John will survive the
night you don't know my son he is a
fighter so I need you to be the best for
John and you just let God do the rest
you are my pride and joy I can't wait to
see you because baskets and run up and
down again the Smith family asks for one
thing please pray for John in the water
that day I was ready to give up but then
I hear this voice is telling me go back
there are nuts
or God's talking to you but I don't
believe in God I believe but maybe that
only goes so far something like this I'm
your pastor I'm supposed to walk
alongside you for as long as it takes
did you see the Facebook page going
viral
call me I hope is gonna be okay we're
not gonna get through this alone
whatever you have for me
[Music]
you